{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red65\green65\blue65;\red43\green45\blue47;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c25490\c25490\c25490;\csgenericrgb\c16863\c17647\c18431;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15740\viewh21500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 LARGE POPOUTS\
\
Cosmetic Dentistry\
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Cosmetic dentistry is one of the most cost-effective ways to improve your appearance. A beautiful, bright, healthy smile will increase self-confidence and overall life satisfaction. Cosmetic dentistry includes things like tooth-colored restorations, dental implants, and crowns. We have many options, so please call us today\uc0\u8234 !\uc0\u8236 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Sleep Apnea Treatment\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Obstructive sleep apnea occurs when the airway completely collapses, blocking airflow into the lungs. The harder one tries to breathe, the tighter the airway seals. This airway obstruction persists until the brain partially awakens the person, unconsciously closing the jaw and returning the tongue and throat to a normal position.\
\
We offer effective, nonsurgical relief from sleep apnea and other sleep-related disorders\'97including snoring. Ask us how you can get the restful, healthy sleep you\'92ve been missing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 Invisalign\'ae Orthodontics\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 These \'93invisible\'94 aligners are the latest in orthodontic technology for adults and teens. Straight teeth and a revitalized smile no longer need to come from a mouth full of unattractive wire and bracket braces. Enhancing self-esteem and physical confidence, invisible braces offer an esthetic and barely visible alternative to conventional wire/bracket braces.\
\
Get the smile you've always wanted with Invisalign\'ae Orthodontics.
\f0 \
\
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\
SMALL POPOUTS\
\
Family Care\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 From toddlers to the elderly, our skilled dental team is familiar with the unique needs of every patient, no matter their age. Our goal is to help them develop great oral habits that will last them a lifetime.\
\
Join us today and discover how our practice can help treat your entire family.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Crowns & Bridges
\b0 \
Protect and keep badly decayed or fractured teeth while maintaining a beautiful smile. Made to perfectly match the shape and shade of your other teeth, they\'92re durable, strong, and undetectable.\
\
Crowns should be placed before the tooth is so decayed that it may fracture. This can often help prevent the expense of root canal therapy in the future. If a tooth is too damaged to have a crown applied, a porcelain bridge may be a good alternative.\
\

\b Veneers\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Veneers are very thin porcelain pieces that are custom made to adhere directly to the front of teeth without grinding or shaving. Transform your smile without drilling on your natural teeth!\
\
In the hands of a highly skilled dentist, porcelain laminates can provide you with an incredibly natural, beautiful smile. They are virtually undetectable and can dramatically improve your appearance. They are durable and long-lasting when compared to other cosmetic treatments.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Smile-Whitening\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Many everyday things like coffee, tea and wine can significantly dull teeth. Smile-whitening enables us to significantly brighten your smile for that dazzling white smile you deserve.\
\
Plastic whitening trays will be made from models of your teeth. You will then place a special whitening gel in each tray and wear the trays in your mouth for several hours per day. (Many patients wear their trays after dinner and before bed.) A significant change in tooth color is usually seen in just four to six weeks.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Mercury-Free\
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 The common silver filling contains mercury. Dr. Stoian uses the highest-quality biocompatible, tooth-colored restorations to create healthy, beautiful smiles. Since the composite material adheres directly to the tooth enamel, less preparation of the tooth is required before using it. This means it is more durable and provides a more natural-looking result\uc0\u8234 .\uc0\u8236 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Root Canals\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Root canal therapy is an excellent way to save a tooth that would otherwise die and need to be removed. All teeth that have had root canal therapy must be protected with a crown. This is because teeth that have had the pulp removed are more susceptible to fracture.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Cosmetic Bonding\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Composite resin is a white, tooth colored material that can be shaded to match your teeth. This material can give you a low-cost improvement in your smile.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\rtlpar\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}